modi	The UPA Government is non-serious, it has taken the people for granted & it is not bothered about the youth. Their approach shows lack of faith in democracy. Our goal is to win the trust of the people & give dignity to thema?
modi	Congress' dynastic politics has shattered the hopes & aspirations of people. Congress hides behind the veil of secularism whenever its governance falters and its misconduct is exposed. This will no longer go unchallenged. The younger generation will not accept these actions of Congress!
modi	ab ki baar modi sarkar
modi	Gujarat model of development is the best
modi	Indian economy is suffering from policy paralysis and lack of optimism. I am confident that with right kind of decisions, we can once again generate hope and confidence and turnaround our economy.
modi	While Congress is immersed in Bhakti of one family after 1947, BJP is immersed in Bharat Bhakti, the Bhakti of 125 crore Indians! For BJP, Indian  youth are not just voters but they are the Nations power & strength. I appeal all youngsters to register to vote and understand their strength in the form of vote.
modi	BJP is a cadre-based party and derives strength from Karyakartas. We work on the principle of team spirit.
modi	We need to get the poor, the Dalit and Tribal communities out of the hardships they have to face
modi	Affection shown by the people of Gujarat has given strength to the decision taken by the leadership of the BJP
modi	BJP is the only ray of hope for the common man and woman. It is the only party that can remove the nation from the atmosphere of gloom and unhappiness.
modi	Congress has invented a new way of reciting the English alphabets. Now a student will learn - A for Adarsh Scam, B for Bofors Scam, C for CWG Scam, D for Damaad Ka Karobar.
modi	Nation is very proud of our servicemen, who make sacrifices for the nation.
modi	Congress workers came for a PM and got three cylinders instead.
modi	When defeat is inevitable, which mother will sacrifice her son. This is the heart of a mother trying to protect her son.
modi	We don't just need bills, we need political will and a dil (heart). We have heard enough of Acts, what we need now is action. We do not need doles, we need delivery.
modi	They feel it's an insult to fight against a tea vendor... How can they take on someone from a backward caste whose mother used to wash dishes?
modi	I can guarantee no party in the UPA coalition chose Manmohan Singh as PM in 2004.
modi	Did any meeting of the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) take place (then)? Did the CPP elect a PM? Are there any minutes of that meeting? What democratic traditions is the party talking of? 
modi	I appeal to the people, you have given 60 years to rulers, now give 60 months to this 'sevak' (servant).
modi	They (the Congress) are trying to save the party, we are trying to save the country. This is the basic difference between us.
modi	The 2014 polls are different because never before did the people of this country see so much corruption. This election is not about changing the government, but it is about (meeting) the hopes and aspirations of every Indian.
modi	Farmers are committing suicide, youths are unemployed, women are unsafe...a great democracy like India is leaderless.
modi	I live by my values and respect others
modi	News traders twist words
modi	I would like to thank Azam Khan
modi	I don’t believe in attacking one’s religion
modi	Gujarat has RTI
gandhi	I am a soldier of the Congress. Will do whatever the party wants me to do. (But) Congress constitution says MPs choose the prime minister after elections.
gandhi	We are warriors, and we will go into battle with our heads held high, knowing what we stand for. I will do anything you want me to, I am a loyal soldier.
gandhi	The Opposition has good marketing skills. There is "chamak, naach, gaana (glitter, dancing, singing)". They are selling combs to bald men. Now there are a new group of people who are trying to give them haircuts.
gandhi	Laws are being made now by the media, by judges, in the streets - we need to involve you, the elected representatives, once again in law-making. This is your domain.
gandhi	 Opposition says India should be Congress-free. But Congress is not an organization. It's a philosophy that stands for the rights and dignity of every individual in this country.
gandhi	Democracy is not rule by one man. We don't hand over the structure of a party to one man.
gandhi	We do not respond by subverting democratic institutions, blocking Parliament sessions year after year, day after day. We do not respond by turning people against one and other, by lighting the fire of communal violence.
gandhi	Pradhan mantri-ji (Prime Minister, Sir), we cannot make do with just nine subsidized cylinders of cooking gas. Women in this country need more. We need 12 per family, sir, please increase the quota.
gandhi	I want to see 50% women at AICC sessions, in Parliament and among chief ministers of state governments.
gandhi	This is not about yet another election; it is a turning point in our nation's history. The change that is taking place before us is unstoppable.
gandhi	It doesn't matter how much wisdom you have. If you don't have position, you have nothing. That's the tragedy of India.
gandhi	In India, we have a concept of caste. It has a concept of escape velocity. If one belongs to a backward caste and wants to attain success then one needs an escape velocity to attain that success. Dalits in this country need the escape velocity of Jupiter to attain success.
gandhi	Every situation that Indian person finds himself in is extremely complex. We have to deal with the red lights. As young leaders here have to deal with senior leaders, suddenly someone disrupts your entire life. Everything happens, sort of, according to your karma; it’s all random.
gandhi	Poverty is a state of mind.
gandhi	If you go back a hundred, two hundred years, you would find that India is energy; it is a force. If you go back a thousand years, two thousand years, you would find that force came from our rivers: Ganga, Yamuna, Saraswati. We worshiped these rivers and the reason we worshiped these rivers was because that is where our energy came from, and everything we had was built on these rivers. Now, we have gone way beyond that. We have built structures that are allowing this energy to rise, to explode.
gandhi	There are people doing yoga in New York, dancing around, that’s the power of India. You go to a nightclub somewhere in Spain and there’s Amitabh Bachchan on the screen there, dancing around. That’s the power of India. That’s the power of Indian people.
gandhi	I went to University in 1991, and I remember, nobody thought of India. I remember conversations where people would laugh and say, “Do you have elephants on the road?” Nobody is saying that today.
gandhi	India is the Saudi Arabia of human resources for the 21st century. The power that we used to get from oil in 20th century, we will get it from people like you in 21st century.
gandhi	IIT professor has no idea about what his value is. He has got no idea about what he is worth. Because he is not connected to the market. He does not understand what the market is ready to pay him. He does, but institutionally he doesn’t.
gandhi	You should stop asking your politicians how they’re gonna do it.
gandhi	Frankly, I am not the person who came up with the Aakash tablet. You need to ask the gentleman who came up with it.
gandhi	Terrorism is impossible to be stopped at all time. We will stop 99% of the attacks; 1% of the attacks will get through. You feel US has stopped all terrorist attacks? US is currently involved in Afganistan and Iraq, where there are attacks every single day. On them. Not in US, but on them. The war has moved.
gandhi	I would not have been here if I was not from a political family.
gandhi	It is for women to come forward and choose the path of sacrifice for serving the nation.
gandhi	See, there is a tendency to look at India as a country.
gandhi	When I was training to be a pilot, there was a large section in the book on how to drop mail from the plane.
gandhi	Passion is listening.
gandhi	We need to empower everybody, not one person, not almost everybody, but everybody.
gandhi	What is happening to human resources in Punjab. 7 out of 10 youth have the problem of drugs.
gandhi	We have to provide the roads on which our dreams are paved. And these roads can’t have potholes, they can’t break down in six months. They have to be big roads because they are going to carry strong people, they are going to carry strong forces.
gandhi	China is referred to as the ‘dragon’ and India as an ‘elephant’. But we are not an elephant, we are a ‘beehive’.
gandhi	If India is computer, Congress is its default program.
kejriwal 	Who is an aam aadmi? AAP believes that the middle class is part of the aam aadmi, anyone who is tired of this corrupt system is aam aadmi.
kejriwal 	Whatever we say here today is not against any party or person. We are not here to do politics. I have not stood up here to save a government... we want swaraaj, the people's rule, in Delhi.
kejriwal 	Delhi's aam aadmi has taken the lead in telling the country as to which direction the national politics should go. They should also decide as to which side they are in the fight between truth and honesty in politics and whether they want to participate in it.
kejriwal 	I was reading two people died of cold in Delhi. Millions have been spent after independence and perhaps this could have been avoided if the money was well-spent. Where did all the money go? The aam aadmi wants to know. We must acknowledge that politics in this country has been criminalised.
kejriwal 	The politicians of this country challenged the aam aadmi to fight elections and come into the legislatures and frame laws. Those leaders forgot that the aam aadmi tills the land, netas don't. Aam aadmi goes to the moon, netas don't. Left with no option, aam aadmi decided that we will fight elections.
kejriwal 	The existing Lokayukta law in Delhi is very weak. We want a strong anti-graft law.
kejriwal 	I did not believe in God but I now do. I believe that truth can never lose... It was an impossible fight, who would have thought that a one-year-old party will win 28 seats.
kejriwal 	There is an odd VIP raj prevalent. They stop the traffic for every minister... I have been driving the past few days. I stop at all red lights. I don't think my time is wasted (while looking at the opposition)
kejriwal	main hoon aam aadmi
kejriwal 	In any case of sexual harassment, the culprits must get the strictest punishment within three-six months.
kejriwal 	The people of Delhi have dared to root out corruption in India's politics. The question before this house is which of its members wants to be a part of this fight?
kejriwal 	You can't afford to hate politics. The politics of this country is democracy. Democracy is by the people, of the people and for the people. The day people stop taking active part in the politics of this country, democracy will not survive.
kejriwal 	It is sad that Congress cud not find any person from 121crore people to lead the party. They had to fall back upon the same family. 
kejriwal 	We are first class citizens suffering with a third class governance.
kejriwal 	This election is not about me. This is about you. If we lose, its your loss more than my loss. Because we are you. We are Aam Aadmi.
kejriwal 	If someone says he is corrupt because of his family, it is only an excuse. Corruption stems from greed, it is within a man. They say it is for bread and butter. But there is no bread here, only butter. Bread is easy to get but this desire for butter is the problem
kejriwal 	Biggest issue which has come to the forefront
kejriwal 	AAP workers should not have done this. I apologise on behalf of AAP workers for their mistake
kejriwal 	More than 90% of the contributions for them are below Rs 20,000, which is unaccounted. It is being introduced as benami black money
kejriwal 	Congress had promised us, in writing, that they would support the bill but when we tried to present it before the assembly today both they and the BJP came together to block it
kejriwal 	Our opponents joined hands and prevented us from introducing the corruption-removing bill, ... I am a very small man. I did not come here for a chair or position. We are willing to give up power a thousand times for the sake of this anti-corruption law
kejriwal 	My cabinet has decided that we are quitting, ... Here is my resignation letter
kejriwal 	Our biggest promise was to get the Jan Lokpal bill passed, ... But the Congress and the BJP got together and didn't allow us to present it
kejriwal 	We say eradicate corruption. [The] people will teach them a lesson
kejriwal 	My Cabinet has decided that we are quitting. Here is my resignation letter
kejriwal 	I will consider myself fortunate if I have to sacrifice my post and my life to end corruption
kejriwal 	There will be no shortage of power supply
kejriwal 	The Delhi government has reopened the case of CWG (Commonwealth Games) scams
kejriwal 	If we don't defeat Veerappa Moily, then from April 1 gas and electricity prices will double
kejriwal 	Will not be limited to Delhi alone, but will spread across the entire country and will be successful in getting rid of corruption and inflation
kejriwal 	There is no place for elements trying to spread hatred against people belonging to any particular part of the country
kejriwal 	We are not against FDI per se, we are not saying that FDI should not be in any sector, this is a decision that has to be taken on a sector by sector basis
kejriwal 	The membership drive Mai Bhi Aam Aadmi will start from today under the leadership of Gopal Rai….We have waived off the membership fee of Rs 10
kejriwal 	This is a list of corrupt ministers of the country. We will field strong candidates against them
kejriwal 	This is the first step towards our goal of achieving full statehood for Delhi
kejriwal 	This is an important step towards making the Delhi police accountable to the people of Delhi and the elected government of Delhi
kejriwal 	The most important thing is there are a large number of cabinet ministers who have indulged in corruption, they need to be defeated
kejriwal 	There are nearly 162 people in Lok Sabha who have criminal charges against them and there are 73 out of them who have serious charges against them. They need to be defeated, we will put up strong candidates against them
kejriwal 	It is for the people to decide if they want to support clean politics or not. Earlier the people used to say they didn't have an option, now we will provide them with a clean option
kejriwal 	We will continue our protest. How can Home Minister (Sushilkumar) Shinde sleep when so many crimes are happening in Delhi? When women are unsafe in the city? We won't negotiate
kejriwal 	We will continue our efforts to make the Delhi police serve the people of Delhi and be answerable to the Delhi government, ... This is a big victory for all the people
kejriwal 	No drug racket can flourish in Delhi without the knowledge of the police, ... We want to put an end to this and make the Delhi police accountable to the people of the city
kejriwal 	The subsidy will apply to those consuming less than 400 units of power and help 280,000 consumers in Delhi
kejriwal 	How can the home minister sleep when the country's women can't? How can the home minister not be bothered about the sad state of police in the country?
kejriwal 	There are some things that cannot be done from air-conditioned offices, ... Where is the mob? Why should the people stay in their offices?
kejriwal 	Some say I am an anarchist, that I am spreading anarchy. I am willing to agree to that.
